Update generated code (#833)
async-aws/aws: src/Service/Ses/CHANGELOG.md

## NOT RELEASED

> ### Fixed
> 
> - AWS api-change: This release enables customers to manage their own contact lists and end-user subscription preferences.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Enables customers to manage their own contact lists and end-user subscription preferences

```
